
Fighting Fantasy brings you all you need to play your Fighting Fantasy adventures: dice, an adventure sheet and monster encounter records.

The Status tab shows your character's current state of health, allows you to eat provisions and drink the magic potion with which you may have started the game. It also helps you keep track of the gold pieces you find and spend during your adventure.

Some Fighting Fantasy games add other attributes and these are recorded here too.

The Combat tab helps you fight the creatures of the underworld. You can fight up to three adversaries, one at a time or all together. Enter each opponents' Skill and Stamina scores, then check the In Combat Round box of the one you're going to fight. Check more than one monster to fight multiple opponents simultaneously. When you're fighting more than one monster at a time, chose the one you want to try and strike by clicking its Target button. Hit Strike Now! to attack the creature.

You can also click Use Your Luck to try your luck at altering the outcome of the battle.

The Tests tab lets you Test you Luck and Try your Skill as dictated by the gamebook entry you're reading. It also provides a handy pair of virtual dice to roll.

The Pack tab helps you keep tracks of your possessions. Click on Add Item to place an item in your pack: click on its icon to select an appropriate image from the selection. Hit enter to edit the name of the item. Select an item and click on the Use Item button to use it in the game.

The Magic tab keeps track of your Citadel of Chaos and Temple of Terror spells. For Citadel of Chaos, enter the number of times you can cast your selected spells. During the game, select a spell and click Cast.

The Magic Tab also provides space to record the spells you have chosen in Temple of Terror.

To create a new character at the start of the adventure, select New Character from the File menu. Stats are rolled for you, but you can click Roll Again to re-roll your character's initial Skill, Stamina and Luck scores. Select the name of the gamebook you are player. Select which Magic Potion you wish to take with you, if the gamebook allows you to do so. Similarly, enter any Provisions you have at the start of your quest, along with your Gold Pieces.

To record your location during the game, select Set Bookmark from the File menu. Enter the paragraph you've reached. A bookmark will appear above the main window to show you that you have a bookmark saved. You can double-click this bookmark indicator to hide it, or show it again.

Good Luck!
